Tensorflow lite (#8)
TwentyBN/sense-iOS: README.md

You will need to download our pre-trained models to build the demo application. Once again, please follow the
 instructions in [sense](https://github.com/TwentyBN/sense) to access them (you will have to create an account and agree to our terms and conditions).

#### Step 4: Install the pods

This project relies on Pods to install Tensorflow Lite.

> If you don't have cocoapods install on your mac, you can install it using brew:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have `cocoapods` installed on your mac, you can install it using brew:
```

```shell
brew install cocoapods
```
You then need to install the pods by running the following command line:
```shell
# If you are in sense-iOS root directory:
pod install
```

--- 

## Getting Started

This section will explain how you can deploy our pre-trained models, or your own custom model, to an iOS application. 

> #### Step 1: Converting a Pytorch model to Tensorflow-Lite

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Step 1: Converting a Pytorch model to Tensorflow Lite
```

This section will explain how you can deploy our pre-trained models, or your own custom model, to an iOS application. 

#### Step 1: Converting a Pytorch model to Tensorflow-Lite

> The iOS demo requires a CoreML version of our model checkpoint which you can produce using the script provided in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The iOS demo requires a Tensorflow Lite version of our model checkpoint which you can produce using the script provided in
```

 `sense` which, for our pre-trained gesture control model, can be run using:

```shell
python tools/conversion/convert_to_tflite.py --backbone=efficientnet --classifier=efficient_net_gesture_control --output_name=model
```

> You should now have the following CoreML file: `sense/resources/model_conversion/model.tflite`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should now have the following Tensorflow Lite file: `sense/resources/model_conversion/model.tflite`.
```

#### Step 2: Move the converted model to the correct location

The Tensorflow Lite file created in the last step can be moved from `sense` to `sense-iOS` in the following location: `sense-iOS/sense-iOS/model.tflite`

```shell
# If you are in sense
mv ./resources/model_conversion/model.tflite ../sense-iOS/sense-iOS/model.tflite
```

#### Step 3: Build the project

> Before Building the project, you need to install the tensorflow lite pods.

Reviewer 2: Should move this to the requirements section of the readme and add this:

```
brew install cocoapods
```
